starvation is closing in on residents
here in the Northern parts of the Gaza
Strip as the Israeli occupation forces
continue to deny them the delivery of a
drop of any relief Aid families mostly
children line up for hours and hours to
get their hands on some soup or a
handful of rice this is now a daily
practice in the Northern parts of the
strip children are devoured by hunger no
matter how much the quantities of Aid to
be delivered these cannot meet the
residents dying need for
food we come here every day hoping to
lay our hands on any food for our
children we run out of flour and all
other food items our children are
starving to death what adds insult to
injury is that we are left without any
source of income I am trying my best to
feed my children they are falling sick
due to lack of food my husband is ill
too we venture out with the early hours
of the morning we spend ours hoping to
get a handful of flour or rice to calm
out children's hunger Elders women and
children are starving to death falling
down out of starvation for months all
those in the north have been starving
almost
dead all of us here in the north are
starving to death needless to say we are
sleeping in the open totally exposed to
the elements after our homes were
destroyed by the Israeli occupation
forces
for months now we've been eating bird
feed and even animal F we are starving
to death where are the Arab countries
where are the Muslim people Israeli
occupation forces continue to deny the
delivery of humanitarian Aid in the
north children elders and the sick who
survived the Israeli merciless
bombardment Here and Now doomed to
certain
death make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
zero